update tags ux (#2270)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/projects/manage.mdx

## Define project tags

You can define tags stored as key-value pairs to help you organize your projects and track resource consumption.

1. Sign in to [HCP Terraform](https://app.terraform.io/) or Terraform Enterprise.
1. Click **Projects**, then click on a project name.
1. Click on the number link labeled **Tags**. If you have not created a tag yet, the link shows `0`.
1. Enter a new tag key in the **Tag key** field. Refer to [Tag guidelines](#tag-guidelines) for character, length, and other limitations. You can also choose an organization tag from the suggested tag keys that appear when you click into the field. Refer to [Create and manage reserved tag keys](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/organizations/manage-reserved-tags) information about organization tags.

> 1. It's optional, but you can specify a value for the tag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, specify a value for the tag. 
```
